feat: db user password update | STORY-424 (#2519)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/databases/postgresql/2000-01-01-managing.md

3. If so, run `terraform apply`

> ## Upgrade

Reviewer: I really wonder about this change (and for all the title changed in this PR). The titles are using present continous tense (at least in PG category since François's refacto).
That's why, for the sake of consistency, I'd keep the title as they are.

Author: Okay I'll remove them for consistency, but the use of "ing" everywhere is a bad english practice

   ```

### Update a User Password

{% note %}
Updating a User Password is only available from the command line
{% endnote %}

#### Using the Command Line

1. Make sure you have correctly [setup the Scalingo command line tool]({% post_url platform/cli/2000-01-01-start %})
2. From the command line, list the addons attached to your app:
   ```bash
   scalingo --app my-app addons
   ```
   The output should look like this:
   ```text
   +------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------+---------+
   |   ADDON    |                   ID                    |          PLAN           | STATUS  |
   +------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------+---------+
   | PostgreSQL | ad-50d873b0-7760-4a4b-8d1a-760ec997b481 | postgresql-starter-1024 | running |
   +------------+-----------------------------------------+-------------------------+---------+
   ```
3. Locate the `ID` of the addon for which you want to update a user password
4. Update the user password with the following command:
   ```bash
   scalingo --app my-app --addon <addon_id> database-users-update-password <username>
   ```  

> 5. An interactive prompt asks you for the new password you want to attribute to your user

Reviewer: I like the precise explanation from create user, what about using it here too?

```suggestion
5. An interactive prompt asks you for a password you want to attribute to your user:
   - Either chose a password and confirm it
   - Or let the platform generate a password by leaving the field empty

   The output should look like this:
   - If you set a password:
   ```text
   User "my_user" created.
   ```
   - If you let the platform generate a password:
   ```text
   User "my_user" created with password "YANs3y07m5_KJC2MSDGebh8tx1lliFWh2Yb239zVqGQvbElWDjIN7QWspVH92Ul8".
   ```

```

Author: I didn't know you implemented the password generation client sided! Adding this
